[Music]
Tommy what's up with Tommy Okay
Tommy I'm going to put it in context a little and I'm
going to tell you why Claro today I
had contact with Tommy Tommy wrote to me today
in the afternoon a kiss caela
they're sending a lot of messages and they don't
ring I don't know why but anyway a
kiss a kiss Hey Tommy well made the
following video if there's proof for those of you who
are watching this on YouTube in the
excerpt Well if you already saw it yesterday This
is the context okay it lasts 3 minutes I'm
going to put it And you can skip
ahead if you want okay let's
give you a little context I'm going to tell you
what Tommy told me today and we're going to see
Frank's response because Frank is
very pissed off Look there wizar has
put the link to the WhatsApp group in the chat
you can go in there
the notifications of the
live videos don't fail okay stay he
's hitting the animals over there nobody is
going to give him a dog it's that the dog has to be
trained the dog doesn't come trained
from the factory and You have to shove his nose in
the [ __ ] and there  that to give him a spank or to
give him a slap there will be people who
will say No no positive training
positive training my balls darw
the controversial youtuber recovered overcame
somethings after 7 years of legal battle and
although I was not going to comment on this subject I
can not let someone say this
nonsense especially when that person
considers himself a reference in the
animal world it seems simply
shameful to me to justify violent acts
that dar rw may have committed with his
greyhound puppy saying that this is the
way to educate a dog first
when a dog pees or defecates in the
house it is to respond to a
physiological need a puppy cannot
hold it for long and simply tomi
is very z ZZ Good night kids
kiss knows where
things have to be done or not scolding a dog by running his
head to put it in his pee or his
poop is a beginner's mistake and the
truth is that I am quite surprised that the
great Fran de la Jungle says those things
If you hit or scold your dog because he has
made a floor poop in the house the only thing you are
going to achieve  is that they develop a fear
of doing it in your presence and most
likely in the future they will hide
to do it and it may even be very
difficult for them to do it by spending it with
Korea on the positive training phase
my balls that leaves a lot to be
desired positive reinforcement is an
incredible tool to educate a
dog and although it is necessary to set
limits on a dog that is
overstimulated or that has
uncontrolled games with human dogs
violence is never justified neither with
a cha nor with a Newfoundland one thing is that
in this time dasas thought that it
was the appropriate way to educate a
dog something that I understand perfectly
because our generation has grown up with
the myth of dominance and the
alpha male that we had to dominate our
dog subdue it and make it understand that
we were walking I myself educate a
dog in a very harsh way but I did it out of
ignorance and today no
professional trainer could validate what you just
said dog goes with Dallas he is going to have
a shitty week, that is to say the
dog gets used to another place throwing
blows don't tell me stories that
the dog is going to  depress That's not
true every dog ​​is unique there are breeds more
sensitive than others and there are dogs that
simply will never recover from
losing their owners kiss christofer
last year I visited a
shelter and saw two greyhounds that were
there because their owner had died and
both had two huge holes in their
heads caused by the loss of
brain mass due to depression so saying
that Argos is going to be fine in a few weeks does
n't make any sense because you
're assuming something without knowing maybe he
will be fine but you can't
say for sure and you've given
that dog the opportunity to maybe
run on the beaches of Dubai and you
've condemned him to walk in a park you
have to be very biased and very
hypocritical to say that but he's going to
be better off in Dubai than in Catalonia
Spain first Dubai is an Ultra country and
Islam for the most part considers
dogs to be impure and simply
culturally they don't see them as pets let
alone as a member of the family
second Dubai is a desert No more no
less there is sun all year round and the
temperatures are very extreme and it's not a
climate adapted to the greyhound that  has
very thin skin and little protection with
its okay This is
the loss of brain mass due to
depression Well Tommy says it okay
Dallas's response was the following
incredible this Scum I promise you to have
mistreated his dog it's incredible
yes it's true that eh the haters They
took it as that clip of Tommy very
defensive of the other side no and and very
against dala but of course In truth what he
is saying to Tommy is criticizing
Fran okay it doesn't seem right to him that Fran
supports that from time to time we have to
hit the animals well
those are opinions we have been
discussing them all these days No but in
reality what Tommy is saying is that
well that Dallas in the past that he
himself even eh years ago he has trained
the dogs like this but now he doesn't do it I
swear to you Katy angel who really
mistreated and was completely and
absolutely negligent about her dogs verified
by her own ex-husband and even with
evidence literally with evidence and this
garbage of French without brown with a pair
of balls is dedicated to talking trash about
me when at the same time Javi Why
the donation  3s of laat don't sound so I think I
imagine it's because I'll have to
remove the limit grandpa is
transforming into Ricky Ed take off That
mustache the kids order it Yeah yeah yeah
more or less it's the same more or
less Yes very similar eh In fact
Ricky well no I'm not going to say what I was going
to say later we'll talk about Ricky Okay
now in a bit we're going to see an
exclusive that Andy gave that I
imagine Because it will be less than a dollar and I
have I don't know if I can remove that limit
Thank you Will's book conorado
Will's book bought bought that you that
you have failed in meat Thank you very much
for buying it the truth is and I will read it
but you tell me first in meat
when you read it e What did you think And
how is it I imagine that the
mud machine will work a little Eh Well of the
spreaders of hoaxes and things that are done
not to cover up real news no there you
have it Will's theater you have the book
in the link of the fixed chat okay
the truth For me it is an honor that he
sent it to me dedicated  He was dedicated to
defending the sick Katy Angel, it's just
that it's very, very, very crazy,
nothing will be heard again about the Katy Angel case, not with her
ex-husband who sued each other and everything and all that
stuff, no, that they owed each other so much
money, they didn't say anything again, but it's very,
very, very crazy, I swear it's exaggerated
when there is evidence as such, explicit
like the chick locked up the dog and poop
everywhere, it's so exaggerated and they were going to
say the same thing, why because the
house was messy one day, what less
interference, that incredible, that's going to be
reported, eh, I'm telling you so, that's going to
be reported, well, since giving the word there are going to be, there are going to be, there are going to be
several complaints
about the issue of Miare's video, there are
several, there are going to be, there are going to be several
legal proceedings on the issue of
Miar, okay, eh, There are a few things,
not just the house, okay, eh, Tommy,
well, this is the Kate Angel thing and the
fact that you see a broken diaper inside
a cage doesn't mean that the
puppy was mistreated, that he spent hours and
hours inside the cage suffering  it's not like
that Remember that puppies
especially when they are babies or even more so
when they are babies bite everything
because they are discovering the
outside world through their little mouths they put their
whole mouth in it it's like human babies
everything goes into the
mouth
Oh man do you know what tomy has done he has
deleted it he has deleted the
conversation with me I mean he has deleted
but apparently he has been doing it for
a long time I mean he has deleted
all of his messages he has deleted
all of his messages What a
peculiar character man eh he came to tell me something like that
eh he came to tell me something like that la
la in my title yesterday I put like that
tomy was all against Dallas but
that he wasn't all against Dallas
because he was also against
some of miar's things that miare had no
proof of of that it
was anything bad to have a
messy house eh that now I don't
remember by heart But well he came to
tell me that he had given some points to the
other one also like well it wasn't what we
saw But okay I read it but of course if he
deleted it I can't read it Fran said
this regarding the  Tommy shorts what's up
guys let's see one thing you're
filling my Twitter with someone who's not
related to Delox or the ex of Animu Clip
with a dog trainer eh a
French guy who says that
dog training has to be
all positive what such what such what I'm
saying are barbaric Well here
each of us has our own idea of
doing things and obviously when I've
had a dog I've trained it the
way I thought it should be
trained okay what he says what I'm
saying are barbaric Well maybe they
are barbaric and right now I don't have a
dog if I had a dog and it would have to be
trained I would surely do the
same because it's always worked for me
with dogs and they've always been
balanced okay eh That
means you have to mistreat it noo it
means that you have to eh get someone like
an authority okay especially when you go out
with the dogs and here for
example they don't use
the rope or the leash or whatever you call it
and because of road hazards because of danger
of this and that always a voice
Well I think he has  saved his life I
repeat he's a guy who does
this for a living well [ __ ] Well we'll have to listen to him you
know what I mean But I suppose in
different cases different methods that are
used positive training
right now for years yeah no I'm
telling you no I've done a program
about dogs and dog training and
obviously that's used but at the
time I've brought in my dogs when I've
had them that way without abusing them
because it seems like I go around hitting
dogs around now because there are four
idiots who don't understand they don't understand
eh what's being said but you don't have to say
anything or fight or
be upset if it's a
dog trainer and he's telling you that
then when you have a dog take it
to a dog trainer or listen to what
the dog trainers say and
follow their rules those of us who are already
very old then we will use the method not
abuse okay but But that doesn't
mean that suddenly I'm a
dog killer you know what I mean what happens is that you
know how the internet is there are
a lot of  [ __ ] and well it's
also very good to beat the [ __ ] out of
Franco because it gives you
visibility in a shitty tuy
you understand this is not about the trainer
way, I mean, everyone does what they
do and if he knows about
dogs Well, we'll have to listen to him so
listen to the dog trainers and don't
listen to me because I don't have a [ __ ]
clue okay eh what do you want me to
say come on totally eh after this
video Tommy well Win michu grateful to
Tommy also you sent it to me just
before starting the live we also
share it okay I mean this capture
is not mine okay I mean I haven't given
anyone a like or anything like that they just
sent me eh I mean no eh Thank you
really okay I mean they are very hurt very
desperate at the moment and
then whatever comes to him
well it comes to him not good it comes to him But well I
mean in reality not
as much help but well basically
yes no no because of the issue of taking him
to Dubai and so on eh Tommy yesterday did a
direct from which we were watching some
excerpts I have it summarized I have it
summarized but I didn't want to see it because
already summarized I think he sent me
places the 40 minute excerpt
So I'm not going to be here for 2 hours
watching Tommy okay kiss caela
Thank you very much let's see Frank the thing
is that he's gone la la Ho and I'm not even
going to talk to you about this case I'm talking to you about
other things that well I'm I'm
investigating a lot About Frank In fact
I paid 10 to see his reports
on DMA about the bull makeup and Frank has been
going crazy for a few years now
So it doesn't surprise me that he
suddenly defends Dallas and says all
that nonsense it's like elon musk elon
musk I loved elon musk but elon
musk has completely gone crazy let's
see Frank the thing is that he's
gone What's going on with this Well with this it
happens that Fran is very pissed off eh he
's pissed off by the way we are
planning Fran I do a regular program we have
n't given it a shape yet but it's
quite likely that we'll give it a
program  fixed to comment on all the
topics of the week I don't know what day of the
week what would you think about that eh Well, we'll
see okay we'll see we'll see what
day we'll see if we do it Yes in the
main Lili Yes yes in the main
okay Fran told me the other day and and
we're trying to give it a go but
well I think I imagine that
we'll wait until he feels
stronger or or until these days pass and
and we'll talk about it okay We'll talk about it
But well, he's pissed off eh I mean Fran
is pissed off and and Look what he said I'll
just tell you one thing don't get me
angry do your thing and leave me
alone you've been talking about me for three days I
repeat don't get me angry Tomy
immediately what he did was
delete the entire conversation with me and I don't
know if he'll say anything else because it seems to me that it seems to
me that things are tense I
want to remember that about bullfighting
Fran was talking about preserving the species not
about applauding the killing of animals
the subject of the subject of bullfighting is
very extensive yes  Do you want Fran to come up one day? We'll
talk about it and renew it, okay,
but it's very extensive, I mean, the subject
of bullfighting, eh, it's about the fact that
basically it's not something that can be
cut off, okay, that's the summary of everything.
We'll see if Tomy says
something again. No, I don't think so. I don't think he's going to
say anything else. Okay, apparently
Fran is influenced by several things and knows several
things because Tomy has had several
conflicts with other creators
on other occasions. What's up? Well, if he
says something, if they say something, we'll talk about it.
[Music]